>> Kyle Simpson: So taking a step back,
where we started was you
could load up a website but
it's a very fragile and brittle thing.
It's failing all over the place, it's
failing when there's a bad connection to
the server, it's failing when you have
spotty Wi-Fi, it's taking too long.
We haven't even covered but we could have
been doing time outs on these requests.
We could have been saying when we make in
our safe fetch we could've had a time out
that says, we are going to try this server
but if it takes more than about three or
four seconds let's substitute
in the cached version of it so
that the user isn't having to wait extra
long for these requests to come back.
The default behavior of the web
is just not that user friendly.
From this perspective of [INAUDIBLE] and
from the perspective of
the robustness of connections.
And what excites me so much about service
worker is this, yes they're great for
progressive web applications, but they
really are great for making all websites
behave better, have a more intuitive and
empathetic experience for the user.
So I hope I've sparked your curiosity,
hope I've given you some things to think
about and start turning to and
making, service workers for yourself.
Definitely remember the readme,
we've got a bunch of resources that I
used in the building of these exercises.
And you can check those out,
read through those, especially this one,
this is a great site that explains all of
those ins and outs of the strategies and
ways to approach it.
And, honestly the way that I did things is
not the only way to do it, I just wanted
to show you that we have the control in a
service worker to do whatever is best for
the user, whatever makes most sense for
our site, our product, our application.
I hope that you'll go and
install a service worker on your
own websites as soon as possible.
Thanks for being here.
>> [APPLAUSE]